Added a slide on span (#241)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: talk/morelanguage/morestl.tex

  \end{exampleblock}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitlecpp[20]{\texttt{std::span<T>}}

>   \begin{block}{Non owning view of a continuous sequence of items}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \begin{block}{Non-owning view of a contiguous sequence of items}
```

    \begin{itemize}
    \item Doesn't allocate memory

>     \item Allows to modify items, but not the storage itself

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    \item Allows to modify items, but not the container itself
```

      \begin{itemize}
      \item no reallocation, push or pop
      \end{itemize}
    \item Provides iterators, \mintinline{cpp}{size}, \mintinline{cpp}{front}/\mintinline{cpp}{back}, \mintinline{cpp}{subspan}, ...
    \item Standard contiguous containers convert to it automatically
      \begin{itemize}

>       \item \mintinline{cpp}{std::vector}, \mintinline{cpp}{std::array}, C arrays, ...

Reviewer: Should we mention that non-contiguous containers like `std::list`, `std::deque` etc. don't convert?

>       \item should thus be preferred to them when possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item should thus be preferred as function arguments when possible
```

  \end{exampleblock}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitlecpp[20]{\texttt{std::span<T>} - Concept}
  \begin{block}{Non owning view of a contiguous sequence of items}
    \begin{itemize}
    \item Doesn't allocate memory
    \item Allows to modify items, but not the container itself
      \begin{itemize}
      \item no reallocation, push or pop
      \end{itemize}
    \item Provides container like interface
      \begin{itemize}
      \item iterators, \mintinline{cpp}{size}, \mintinline{cpp}{front}/\mintinline{cpp}{back}, \mintinline{cpp}{subspan}, ...
      \end{itemize}
    \item Standard contiguous containers convert to it automatically
      \begin{itemize}
      \item \mintinline{cpp}{std::vector}, \mintinline{cpp}{std::array}, C arrays, ...

>       \item not list or deque as they do not have contiguous storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item not \mintinline{cpp}{std::list} or \mintinline{cpp}{std::deque} as they do not have contiguous storage
```

      \item \mintinline{cpp}{span} should thus be preferred as function arguments when possible
      \end{itemize}
    \item Simply a pair (pointer, size), so cheap to copy
      \begin{itemize}
      \item and thus to be passed by value
      \end{itemize}
    \item \mintinline{cpp}{span} can also have a \texttt{static extend}
      \begin{itemize}
      \item meaning the size is determined at compile time

>       \item and thus only the pointer remains in the \mintinline{cpp}{span}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item and thus only a pointer is stored by \mintinline{cpp}{span}
```

>       \item and thus only the a pointer is stored by \mintinline{cpp}{span}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      \item and thus only a pointer is stored by \mintinline{cpp}{span}
```
